---
layout: default
title: Exports
nav_order: 4
---

# AMP Exports

{: .note }
> See the [How do I Export a podcast](../how_do_I/podcast_export.html) page for steps to take to generate the AMP podcast exports.

The AMP tool can generate a zip file for several different Metadata formats for achieving and preserving podcast metadata.

## Islandora (SFU specific)

{: .warning }
> The Islandora export currently contains fields specific to [Simon Fraser University's Summit](https://summit.sfu.ca/). Additional development is required to support a generic Islandora installation or a customized institution's Islandora. Leave questions or requests on the [github repository](https://github.com/sfu-dhil/amplify/issues).

After you have generated your AMP export, you must prepare to send it to the SFU Summit team.

1. Upload the `zip` file into [Sharepoint/OneDrive](https://1sfu-my.sharepoint.com/)
2. Prepare the share link for the `zip` file
    - Left click on the file and select __Copy Link__
    - Select the __Settings__ button and the _People in Simon Fraser University (1sfu)_ option
    - Click __Apply__
    - The share link is now in your Clipboard. Store it for later.
3. Email SFU Summit [summit@sfu.ca](mailto:summit@sfu.ca) or use the [contact us form](https://summit.sfu.ca/contact). Make sure to include:
    - A brief description of the Podcast
    - The Sharepoint link to the `zip` file
    - Mention that the files are generated by the AMP tool and compatible with Islandora Workbench

{: .warning }
> The [Summit deposit form](https://www.lib.sfu.ca/help/publish/summit-deposit-form) does not work for AMP Podcast metadata. It must be ingested by the Summit team using [Islandora Workbench](https://mjordan.github.io/islandora_workbench_docs/).


### Islandora Export File Structure

The `zip` file contains a `yaml` [Islandora Workbench](https://mjordan.github.io/islandora_workbench_docs/) [configuration file](https://mjordan.github.io/islandora_workbench_docs/configuration/) named something similar to `amp_podcast_XX_config.yaml`. This file contains basic metadata for the entire podcast and should only be edited by the Summit team.

{: .note }
> The config file is missing authentication details for uploading the metadata into Islandora. This must be added by the Summit team before ingesting the files.

The `zip` file also contains a directory named something similar to `amp_podcast_XX_input_files`. This directory will contain a `csv` file called `metadata.csv` with holds all the metadata for the podcast, season, episodes, and files. The folder also has sub-directories called `transcript`, `image`, `audio` containing files of each respective category.

Example:
```
My Podcast - islandora.zip
│   amp_podcast_1_config.yaml
│
└───amp_podcast_1_input_files
    │   metadata.csv
    │
    └───transcript
    │   │   episode_1_transcript.pdf
    │   │   episode_2_transcript.txt
    │   │   ...
    │
    └───image
    │   │   podcast_image.png
    │   │   episode_1_image.jpg
    │   │   ...
    │
    └───audio
        │   episode_1_audio.mp3
        │   episode_2_audio.mp3
        │   ...
```

## MODS

{: .warning }
> MODS exports are currently untested. Reach out to us on github if you have any issues [github repository](https://github.com/sfu-dhil/amplify/issues).

The [MODS](http://www.loc.gov/standards/mods/) (Metadata Object Description Schema) schema is a more generic metadata solution that should work in a variety of digital preservation tools. It would be best to check with the team managing your institution's digital preservation tool to see if they support importing MODS files and how to best provide them with the data.

### MODS Export File Structure

The root directory contains the podcast metadata (`MODS.xml`) and sub-directories for each season. Each season sub-directory contains it's metadata (`MODS.xml`) and sub-directories for each episode. Each episode sub-directory contains it's metadata (`MODS.xml`).

In addition each podcast, season, and episode directory has a sub-directory for each of it's images (and a thumbnail `TN.<EXTENSION>` for the first image if it has any). Episodes also contain subdirectories for each audio and transcript file.

Each image, transcript, and audio sub-directory contains its metadata (`MODS.xml`) and the binary file (`OBJ.<EXTENSION>`).


Example:
```
My Podcast - mods.zip
│   MODS.xml
|   TN.png
│
└───img_0
|   |   MODS.xml
|   │   OBJ.png
|
└───img_1
|   |   ...
|
└───S1
|   |   MODS.xml
|   │   TN.png
|   |
|   └───img_0
|   |   |   MODS.xml
|   |   │   OBJ.png
|   |
|   └───img_1
|   |   |   ...
|   |
|   └───S1E1
|   |   |   MODS.xml
|   |   │   TN.png
|   |   |
|   |   └───img_0
|   |   |   |   MODS.xml
|   |   |   │   OBJ.png
|   |   |
|   |   └───img_1
|   |   |   |   ...
|   |   |
|   |   └───transcript
|   |   |   |   MODS.xml
|   |   |   │   OBJ.pdf
|   |   |
|   |   └───transcript_1
|   |   |   |   ...
|   |   |
|   |   └───audio
|   |   |   |   MODS.xml
|   |   |   │   OBJ.pdf
|   |   |
|   |   └───audio_1
|   |       |   ...
|   |
|   └───S1E2
|       |   ...
|
└───S2
    |   ...
```

## BePress

{: .important }
Steps to import in BePress are still a work in progress. It requires [Batch uploading](https://digitalcommons.elsevier.com/managing-submissions-publishing/batch-upload-export-and-revise) the files and then editing the excel with the uploaded file urls (ex: upload `podcast_files.zip`, then edit `podcast_files_metadata.csv`, then batch upload `podcast_files_metadata.csv`).

{: .warning }
> BePress exports are currently untested. Reach out to us on github if you have any issues [github repository](https://github.com/sfu-dhil/amplify/issues). The BePress import process is not smooth and requires several additional steps by the team importing that data for it to work.

### BePress Export File Structure

- `podcast_metadata.csv` contains the metadata for the podcast
- `podcast_files_metadata.csv` contains the metadata for the podcast images. `podcast_files.zip` is the actual podcast image files
- `podcast_seasons_metadata.csv` contains the metadata for all the podcast seasons.
- `<Season Slug>_files_metadata.csv` contains the metadata for the season images. `<Season Slug>_files_metadata.csv` is the actual season image files
- `<Season Slug>_episodes_metadata.csv` contains the metadata for all the episodes in a given season.
- `<Episode Slug>_files_metadata.csv` contains the metadata for the episode images, transcript, and audio. `<Episode Slug>_files_metadata.csv` is the actual episode images, transcript, and audio files

Example:
```
My Podcast - bepress.zip
│   podcast_metadata.csv
|   podcast_files_metadata.csv
|   podcast_files.zip
|   podcast_seasons_metadata.csv
|   S1_files_metadata.csv
|   S1_files.zip
|   S1_episodes_metadata.csv
|   S1E1_files_metadata.csv
|   S1E1_files.zip
|   S1E2_files_metadata.csv
|   S1E2_files.zip
|   ...
|   SX_files_metadata.csv
|   SX_files.zip
|   SX_episodes_metadata.csv
|   SXEY_files_metadata.csv
|   SXEY_files.zip
```